https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-6594 Cleaning up GRC for 2.9 (#5972)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_policy_operator.adoc

[#gitops-policy-operator]
= Generating a policy to install GitOps Operator

A common use of {product-title-short} policies is to install an Operator on one or more managed {ocp} clusters. Continue reading to learn how to generate policies by using the Policy Generator, and to install the {ocp-short} GitOps Operator with a generated policy:

* <<policy-install-ocp-gitops,Generating a policy that installs {ocp-short} GitOps>>
* <<policy-gen-install-compliance-operator,Generating a policy that installs the Compliance Operator>>
* <<using-policy-dependencies-with-operatorgroups,Using policy dependencies with _OperatorGroups_>>

[#policy-install-ocp-gitops]
== Generating a policy that installs {ocp-short} GitOps

> You can generate a policy that installs {ocp-short} GitOps by using the Policy Generator. The {ocp-short} GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode, which can be viewed in the following example. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:

Author: ```suggestion
You can generate a policy that installs {ocp-short} GitOps by using the Policy Generator. The {ocp-short} GitOps operator offers the _all namespaces_ installation mode, which you can view in the following example. Create a `Subscription` manifest file called `openshift-gitops-subscription.yaml`, similar to the following example:
```
